This level of visibility as an official representative of the country, caught the attention of many more including the likes of the legendary Julio Iglesias. She was personally asked by Julio to join him on his world tour as a special guest performer that would sing and dance before sell-out crowds in the Philippines, Japan, Malaysia, Australia, Canada, and even back in her own native United States. The wealth of knowledge and experience she learned training with one of the best in the music business had turned a light switch on forever. She had found her true passion in musical performance and writing.[2]
Being no stranger to taking dreams into her own hands, Krista self-produced her debut album entitled Feels So Good. As if spearheading her own 14-track album wasn’t enough, she represented herself to labels and successfully convinced them to sign distribution deals for her project (Universal Records in the Philippines and Warner Music Group in Malaysia, Singapore, Brunei).[3][4]
While performing her music at festivals internationally, she was fortunate enough to share the stage with one of her childhood idols, Taboo from the Black Eyed Peas. In true Krista fashion, she grew in her relationship with Taboo, ultimately convincing him to mentor her in her musical endeavors. This opportunity opened up a whole new world to her in which she continues to gratefully and graciously work hard to make her own mark.[5][6]
In true committed fashion, Krista is now living back in the entertainment capital of the world—Los Angeles—working with top-producers across all genres to continue to make music that serves as a vehicle to spread positive messages, such as women empowerment, which are dear to her.
Upon her return, Krista continued to excel in her performances off the stage as the Head of Strategic Partnerships and Head of Social Responsibility for the JMAS Group, a business and technology firm that focuses on entertainment-driven segments (Sports, Fashion, Food and Beverage, etc.). She handled business and relationship development with key partners/stakeholders and led all company charitable efforts pulling from her experience as an ambassador for the Red Whistle HIV Awareness Campaign in the Philippines. Some of the companies for which she was directly involved are principled by top-ranked female golfer and 2014 US Women’s Open Champion Michelle Wie as well as world-class surgeon Dr. James Chao (physician to the San Diego Chargers, ESPN X-Games, and many other notable elite athletes).
After helping JMAS for a year upon her return to LA, Krista went on to being Co-Creative Director for Club 42, alongside founders John Branca (world renowned entertainment lawyer and co-executor of the Michael Jackson Estate), Johnny Buc Lockwood, and Melissa Bowden (VP of Sales at StarMakers). Club 42 is a 501c non-profit that celebrates the legacy of Jackie Robinson and supports MLB's mission to increase diversity in baseball by raising scholarships for African American players. Club 42 is a hands-on, buddy-system philanthropy where affluent families come together and commit to sponsorship and scholarship escrow fundraising for deserving African American players, all under the blanket of baseball and dance.

Though they are related to the horse and rhinoceros, tapirs are regulated as pachyderms by the United States Department of Agriculture for the purpose of transportation and import. One issue with the transporting of tapirs is that young tapirs must not be separated from their mother for the first year of their lives – and as tapirs must be separated from other tapirs in order to transport them, it can be very difficult to transport a young or baby tapir.[15]
In 2008, a three-year-old tapir, Romeo, was transported from Costa Rica to Nashville, Tennessee. Romeo was the first animal to leave the country legally and the first tapir to be transported to the United States in more than 20 years. A specially-constructed cage was used to transport the tapir on a cargo plane and the move itself was supervised by staff from the Nashville Zoo.[16]
In 2013, Timmy, a 400-pound Baird's tapir who had suffered from ear infections, was sent by FedEx from Florida to Los Angeles as part of a breeding programme. He was kept in quarantine for 30 days after his trip.[17]

Airlines vary in their policies on the transport of domestic pets, with some allowing pets in the passenger cabin and others insisting that they are transported in the same compartments as baggage, mail and other cargo. These compartments may be pressurized and may be maintained in a constant temperature range. The American Ferret Association, for example, offers advice on the policies of nineteen different carriers.[24]
Specialist animal air transportation companies exist and will arrange whole-aircraft charters for larger and outsize animal transportation projects, utilizing flying veterinarians to ensure the safety and comfort of the animal passengers. These companies often arrange aircraft for large-scale zoo relocation projects, transporting multiple exotic animals.[25]

Between 1650 and 1850, the Russian Orthodox Church sent Chuvash-speaking missionaries to try to convert the Chuvash to the Orthodox faith. A group of these missionaries created a written Chuvash language. The first Chuvash grammar was published in 1769. Chuvash had earlier been written with a Runic script or the Arabic alphabet. A revised Cyrillic alphabet for Chuvash was first introduced in 1873 by Ivan Yakovlevich Yakovlev. The Latin alphabet has been used as well, though there is no standard transcription. Most of the Chuvash who stayed in the area became Orthodox Christians, but some remained pagan.
A number of Russian noble families received large estates in the Chuvash lands as reward for their services to the Tsar. The formerly independent landowning Chuvash peasants became serfs to rich Russian landowners. Russian became the official language. Few attempts were made to provide primary education in the Chuvash language, and all higher education was in Russian.

CLI's Patient Safety Institute (PSI)[22], Lake Success, New York, was established to reduce medical errors and hospital-acquired infections. Its full-scale patient simulators based on computer-based, interactive technology and digitally-enhanced mannequins enable instructors to replicate virtually any medical scenario. This gives medical students, surgical residents, nurses and other healthcare professionals the opportunity to practice clinical skills without risk to real patients.
Patient Safety Institute
establish a new medical school on
a new medical school on

Near the start of first 5-year plan of industrialization (1928) there were four main railway decision makers: the government, the party, Gosplan (the Soviet planning agency), the and the railway ministry (known as NKPS).[9] When the NKPS didn't seem to be able to cope with a situation, the party or government would intervene.[10] The majority agreed on increasing investments, but there was no clear consensus on how these investments were to be used. Gosplan advocated the rationalization of the railways, coupled with tariffs based on actual cost, which would reduce traffic demand and provide funds for investment. In 1931, in a Central Committee (CC) resolution proposed recapitalization [11] (replacing all the ties, rails, and renewing the ballast by either cleaning or new ballast) to create some "super mainlines" which would be electrified. This resolution was never adequately carried out, and the actual electrification achieved was only about a tenth of that proposed.
The Central Committee sent Lazar Kaganovich to solve the railway crisis in 1935

British military superiority was clearly evident during the armed conflict. British warships, constructed using such innovations as steam power combined with sail and the use of iron in shipbuilding, wreaked havoc on coastal towns; such ships (like the Nemesis) were not only virtually indestructible but also highly mobile and able to support a gun platform with very heavy guns.
British military superiority was clearly evident during the armed conflict

England